# HuntersMark---PhoenixTag-Software-application-for-Scavenger-Hunt-game-on-cybersecurity-education-
Team Members: 

    David Serra
    Seamus Murray 
    Michael Bergstrom 

Description: 

The goal of this project is to design and develop web-based software that supports "Scavenger Hunt" game on cybersecurity education. The software should be integrated with any popular navigation platform, such as Google Maps or similar. The players need to find the artifact (the "prize"), represented as an NFC tag, which is hidden somewhere on campus. To find the destination of a hidden prize on campus, players need to solve several cybersecurity challenges that may include True/False or Multiple Choice questions, simple cryptography challenges (for example, recover the plaintext from the given ciphertext), etc. The more correct answers the player gives, the more exact the destination of a prize is displayed (for example, as a circle) on a campus map. In the beginning, the circle includes the entire campus, which means "the prize is hidden somewhere on campus". If the player gives correct answers), the circle may include BARC and IST buildings, which means "the prize is hidden somewhere near IST or BARC building or near them". When the player answers all the required questions and solves all the required cybersecurity challenges, the exact location of a prize is disclosed and displayed on the campus map. After that the player is expected to approach the destination of an NFC tag, find it and scan it using their mobile phone - almost all the modern models of smart phones support reading NFC tags (NFC technology is widely used for wireless payments). NFC tag (the prize) shall store the URL of a web page where the player will be asked to enter their name - it will be used along with the timestamp of an NFC scan to determine the winner, i.e. who was first to scan the NFC tag (the prize). Simple NFC tags provide 512 bytes of memory, which should be enough to store the URL of a web page with textboxes for user input. The software solution (web-based game) should work on mobile devices as a web client (not as an Android or iOS mobile application). To use a web-based game, a player must login and solve the CAPTCHA problem. Only strong passwords of 10+ characters shall be accepted. Florida Poly campus map shall be used
